[Music]
link over here dusting over here and
this is the most important preseason
video you will watch oh fantasy smack
talks running back ranking before we get
into it though top 200 cheat sheet bitch
be sure to check that out up on the site
all the early tiers and rankings you got
any questions post them in the forums
and real quick - we do have a
partnership with fan duel this year if
you go on there and sign up use promo
code FST 2013 all one line you'll get
30% more if you deposit anything on
there so check that out
Brent don't work if you don't hit Enter
or anything like that in one line you
mean no spaces alright tier 1 eights pin
Peterson is in a tier by himself guy was
sick last year coming off that injury
over 2,000 yards for the one thing I
really want to highlight is he caught
the ball 40 times that's the same amount
of the Arian Foster so you just you know
PPR leagues there's no reason not to
take him number one overall pretty much
any format - - I mean this is really
basically from the first pick on the
draft on this will probably be second
third fourth fifth and fifth in our case
we stopped at five and tier two all
these guys very similar up side we have
Arian Foster just a little bit higher
but you cannot go wrong with Doug Martin
Marshawn Lynch of Jamaal Charles all
those guys huge upside alright Tier
three gonna highlight players eight and
nine on our rankings and that's Ray Rice
at number eight and I know what you
thinking but our peers oh there's so
much upside this guy's great and it's
true yes he's a very good football
player but Ray Rice only had 250 seven
carries lived here we don't see that
number really going up or down too much
and he had a very solid season with nine
touchdowns and 61 catches you gotta love
that it's nuts he's actually gonna slip
in drops in love you can get him at the
end of the first round then at number
nine want to talk about Alfred Morris we
think RG three is gonna be ready for
week one which certainly helps Alf out
and this guy was second in the league in
rushing behind agent Peterson I bet you
can win a few bar bets with that Alfred
Morris
great late round first round
as well nicknames out he's been melmac
he's back from all tier 4 tier for
starting out number 11 this one will
probably get talked about in all the
comments below in the video so we know
we're ready for it we know it's coming
but monta ball with Denver there's just
too much upside there when you look at
the guys we have ranked below he's just
the most exciting pick at this point as
far as the early second round
you know the upside is just too high to
pass on watch his college videos this
guy was amazing for all those people
that say Moreno is gonna be in the mix
and all this stuff yeah he might be but
he's not Montee ball's take a look at
what this kid did he's amazing and the
other guy one talking about fourteen of
Steven Jackson you gotta hear a lot
about him with his new home with Atlanta
much better offense obviously than the
Rams it could be interesting to see how
he does you know if he can stay healthy
you know it's very plausible production
double-digit touchdowns and you know 14
plus hundred total yards so huge upside
for him this year with Atlanta alright
is we go to tier five highlighting two
guys in that's 20 and 21 the first ones
Lamar Miller out of the you playing for
Miami right now you know this guy he's
got a big upside really like running
backs that do come out of the you in
he's got a little bit of competition
with Thomas sure but for a guy that you
can get in the mid middle rounds you're
gonna have to love the upside that he
provides and then number 21 this is a
rookie that I really love and that's
Bella with the Steelers I think out of
all of the rookies he's got the clearest
path to being in every down back he can
catch really well he can pass the tech
and he's a monster he's not gonna if
you're the league that counts are huge
bonuses for long touchdowns I believe
he's gonna do that but I think he's
gonna fall into the end zone plenty of
times I have a very solid season in tier
six the first guy in this tier is a guy
that I think is a great kind of mid
round pick and that's a mod Bradshaw new
home with the Colts that young offense
is really headed in the right direction
a lot of nice pieces on that offense
Nani Bradshaw is gonna be a nice bit get
a ton of clutches for them and then 25
mine on the mighty of falling and Darren
McFadden
we just really are ready to just give up
on him basically as far as how
lower-ranking
here you know we don't we just weak the
upside still there but we don't see any
reason to take a gamble on him in the
first two rounds and less he slips we
say let someone else take him but that
often is just so scary but you still got
the upside they got worse they got worse
how does that often feel where there was
so terrible all right as we go into tier
7 highlighting one of Dustin's favorites
he looks branch on make him pay like
triple in the practice but one of his
favorites that's Bernard with his
Cincinnati Bengals and there's a good
reason why the make yo some stats idea
in college 6.7 yards or rush he had ten
point four yards of catch and he had 47
catches and only ten games you gotta
love that
even returned to four touchdowns as well
as he was active in return gave a lot
outside here he's a speedster he might
not get a bull accompaniment of carries
doing him a lot from being there but
it's like Jamaal Charles cerca when he
was with Thomas Jones
this guy's got big upside speed and very
got potential
alright few people I want to highlight
real quick and tier eight Isaiah pedes
the first guy out there with the brands
be very aware of what's going on with
the Rams situation there's a lot of
people in the mix there but as of right
now it looks like he's gonna be the guy
but be aware that he has a one-game
suspension the end of the season game
greens another guy I like especially in
PPR League he's probably gonna take over
the Danny Woodhead role so give a marine
very much attention in PPR leagues in
the later rounds and then the last guy
talked about mysterious Jonathan's
Franklin for Green Bank if you see up
higher in the rankings we do have Eddie
Lacy in front of them but for for my
money personally in the draft I think
you wait and go for Franklin just a
little bit later just because he's less
of a gamble whoever does end up winning
that job those gonna have a lot of value
watch our sleeper so he's going a little
bit more detail
little teeth that make you watch some
other videos alright
tier 9 I'm gonna talk about two guys two
backups and that's tape first one's
gonna be Ben Tate obviously there's a
little bit of concern with Arian Foster
right now I don't know why it's getting
so much press because we are a long way
from the start of the season but
obviously anytime Foster was down taste
stepped up is upgrading the zone
blocking scheme then got Bryce Brown and
the reason I wanna highlight them is we
haven't ranked currently at number 41
there is the dogfighting allegedly
charges things pending who knows exactly
what it is right now
so we don't know he's playing these the
victims happening so just keep that in
mind when watch this video that's kinda
what's going on right now but if he
there's no suspensions anything like
that he should get some decent work in
an offense with Chip Kelly that's gonna
be moving the ball of time getting the
backs in and out quite a bit
tier 10 first gonna talk about Fred
Jackson now this guy went healthy can
still do it but at this point he's an
old man I mean in running back years
he's like 85 but you know keep a close
eye on the injury reports you know if
he's healthy he still does have value
but at this point they have to switch
over to CJ Spiller as far as the guy
that's gonna have the fantasy value out
there and they don't want to also talk
about Danny Woodhead new home with San
Diego I think he really kind of takes
over what's pros was to them a few years
ago and I think he has similar value
with what he did in New England and I
think they're gonna really utilize them
and find creative ways to get him
involved in the offense I like his
chances this year obviously mainly in
PPR League
all right tier 11 just gonna highlight
Knowshon Moreno as Gus and said we're
very high on ball we had to put no shot
of the rankings just in case he might
John Fox isn't a huge fan of rookie
running backs so you gotta take that
into consideration if you get ball maybe
get Moreno laid isn't so bad just in the
slim chance I'm having some arena starts
first couple games who knows who knows
but I doubt it I think balls so there's
all our running backs get in the form if
you got any questions and like you
already will go ahead and post all the
comments that you want about these
videos and our rankings even when you
guys give this crap we still like to
hear it so love you guys nemco Dustin me
in the next video